Using assists to extend your combos is a lot easier than it looks, and that goes for every character, not just Goku Blue. It might seem a little intimidating at first, I know I was afraid to try, but trust me you'll get used to it after practicing it a bit. I'm gonna show 3 examples here, the timing varies depending on the assist you use, but I've found that this timing works for most assists. I call the assist during the animation of the M before the H knock down. This makes the H launch them down into the assist. If this timing doesn't work for your assist, mess around with the timing a bit until you get it. I might make a video going over the timing of different assists in the future if enough of you ask. Some assists, like SS Vegeta's, allow you to use them mid screen to extend your BnB combo. However, other assists, like beam assists, require you to super dash to continue the combo. These assists sometimes work in the corner, like beam assists. Getting these basic assist combos down will increase your damage output by a lot, and make you more lethal because you will do more damage each time you open your opponent up. Just make sure you don't save your assists all the time because you are waiting to use them for these combos. It may take a while to break your opponents defense, and during all that time you could have used assists multiple times to apply pressure. Assist cool-downs are short, don't treat them like an ace up your sleeve. 

Using Goku Blue's assist is a little different from most other assists. For one thing, it has different timing compared to beam assists and SS Vegeta's assist. As you can see here, I usually time the assist with the start up animation of my H that knocks the opponent down. It is also unique because it causes a hard knock down when used correctly. This can be useful for causing a hard knock down when you wouldn't normally be able to, like when you catch your opponent with a super dash, or when using an assist+super dash to extend a combo, or even when hit confirming across the screen and extending it with vanish. This hard knock down can be useful for a number of things. For one, you can easily link supers during the hard knockdown slide animation. Another reason why you would want a hard knock down is because it limits your opponents options in terms of recovery. It's very useful when applying pressure, limiting their options means its easier for you to mix them up and break through their defense. You can go for an instant air dash overhead, or an instant air dash fake out into 2M, or even a double fake out in the corner with two instant air dashes.
